{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Create a new Java Project inside Eclipse, called \'93Practice.\'94 For each problem, create a separate class (with a main method) named accordingly, like problem 1 would be Problem1.java, etc.\
 \
1. Write a for loop that counts by 2\'92s up until 20. Tip: You can use the for loop you wrote that counts by 1\'92s to 10 for reference. Here is the expected console output:\
2\
4\
6\
8\
10\
12\
14\
16\
18\
20\
\
2. Write a method called \'93add\'94 that takes in two integers, and returns the sum of those integers. Hint: The method add takes in two parameters \'96 an integer called a and an integer called b  (though you can name them whatever you want) \'96 and returns an integer which is the sum a and b. Then, call this method in main, and print the result. \
\
3. (Challenge) Write code in your main method that creates the following pattern, using whatever computer science concepts you want \'96 while loops, for loops, if statements, etc. Here is the expected output:\
5\
10\
15\
20\
26\
32\
38\
44\
\
4. Copy and paste the code from problem 2 into your problem 4 class, and change the name accordingly. Then, alter the program so that the add methods multiply, instead. Rename all add methods \'93multiply\'94.\
\
5. Write a method that takes in a string, and prints out \'93Hello, \{NAME\}!\'94 The method does not return anything. If \'93Calla\'94 was passed into the method, the program would print out, \'93Hello, Calla!\'94\
\
6. Write a method that takes in a string, and returns that string after extracting all of its vowels. You may create a separate 
\i isVowel
\i0  method if you please.\
}